( waves lapping )
Fujimaki: YOU'D LIKE THAT,
WOULDN'T YOU?
I SUPPOSE SOME SCORPIONS
WOULD RATHER SHUT THEIR EYES
TO THEIR TRUE NATURE
AND BE POISONED BY THE VENOM
OF THEIR OWN DREAMS.
SORRY, COACH NANBU,
BUT THIS IS THE END OF THE RIDE.
Nanbu: PLEASE, CAN'T WE JUST‐‐
Fujimaki: YOU'RE GONNA
TELL HIM EVERYTHING.
Joe: TALK ABOUT IMPATIENT.
ALREADY HERE
TO CLAIM THE PRIZE MONEY?
Nanbu: J‐JOE.
( zipper zips )
‐ ( splashing )
‐ Joe: DAMN.
STILL PISSING BLOOD.
( Nanbu groans )
( match strikes )
JOE, YOU SEE, THE TRUTH IS‐‐
Joe: JUST TELL HIM, POPS.
IT'S TOO EARLY
TO CELEBRATE, ISN'T IT?
THE REAL FIGHT STARTS
AS SOON AS WE‐‐
Nanbu: THERE'S NOT
GONNA BE A REAL FIGHT!
Sachio: HMM?
♪
( singing in Japanese )
Nanbu: I KNOW
HOW TO HANDLE THINGS.
I'VE BEEN BETTING ON BLUFFS
MY WHOLE DAMN LIFE!
SO, "WHAT CAN FRAUDS DO?"
I'M GONNA SHOW YOU
EXACTLY WHAT WE CAN DO!
Fujimaki: HMPH. NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
‐ ( Nanbu gasps )
‐ Fujimaki: I DON'T WANT TO HEAR
THE DESPERATE RAMBLINGS
OF A DREAMER CHASING A FANTASY.
I WANT AN ANSWER
FROM THE REAL YOU.
YES, THE TWO OF YOU
ARE GOING TO MEGALONIA,
BUT WINNING THE CHAMPIONSHIP
WON'T BE THE ENDGAME.
WHAT'S THE BEST THING
YOU AND THE KID CAN DO?
WHAT WOULD THE SMART MOVE BE?
THINK. TELL ME
WHAT COMES TO MIND, NANBU.
( Nanbu gasping )
♪
( chuckles )
( Fujimaki exhales )
"BUT YOU'LL STING ME, WON'T YOU?
THAT'S WHAT YOU DO."
"NO, I WOULD NEVER DO THAT."
"BECAUSE IF YOU DIE
HALFWAY ACROSS,
I'LL DROWN
AND DIE RIGHT BESIDE YOU."
Nanbu: SO, AFTER SOME THOUGHT,
I KNEW WHAT TO DO.
WE COULD THROW A FIGHT
AT MEGALONIA,
THE BIGGEST FIXED MATCH EVER.
Joe: HUH?
Nanbu: AND OUR ONLY CHANCE
TO PULL IT OFF
WOULD BE YOUR OPENER,
THE ONE AGAINST BURROUGHS.
FUJIMAKI WILL BE RUNNING
THE BETS FOR THE EVENT.
THAT'LL BE TONS OF CASH.
LOOK, THERE'S NO OTHER WAY
FOR US TO BE FREE
FROM EVERYTHING‐‐
Joe: YOU NEVER BELIEVED IN ME,
DID YOU, OLD MAN?
Nanbu: NO, THAT'S NOT IT.
THE MORE YOU WON,
THE MORE I STARTED TO THINK
THAT YOU ACTUALLY HAD A SHOT.
BUT NOT ANYMORE.
NOW IT'S TOO DAMN LATE.
I HAD NO OTHER WAY
OF GETTING THAT FAKE I. D.
Y‐YOU GOTTA BELIEVE ME!
JOE, SERIOUSLY, I GUARANTEE
THAT YOUR SKILLS ARE REAL.
( Joe sighs )
Nanbu: AND THIS
ISN'T THE END, OKAY?
THINK OF IT AS A DETOUR
ON THE WAY
TO THE SAME DESTINATION. YEAH?
OKAY, JOE? IN THE NEXT MATCH,
WE'RE BACK TO USING THIS.
Joe: YOU ASSHOLE!
Nanbu: HOLY SHIT, MY JAW!
LOOK, YOU GOTTA
FACE THE FACTS, JOE.
FUJIMAKI'S NOT EXACTLY THE KIND
OF GUY YOU CAN REASON WITH.
I DID ALL THIS, BECAUSE I
DIDN'T WANT YOU TO END UP‐‐
Joe: YOU WERE ONLY WORRIED
ABOUT YOURSELF.
Nanbu: YOU LITTLE PRICK!
WHERE'S THE GRATITUDE, HUH?!
WHO DO YOU THINK
MADE IT POSSIBLE
FOR A STREET MUTT LIKE YOU
TO GET THIS FAR?!
FRAUDS LIKE YOU AND ME,
WE CAN NEVER BE LEGIT,
EVEN IF WE DIE TRYING.
( Joe chuckles )
ISN'T THAT JUST LIKE YOU, POPS?
YOU DON'T HAVE
A LEGIT BONE IN YOUR BODY.
‐ YOU'RE NOTHING BUT HOT AIR.
‐ Nanbu: HOLD ON.
Joe: I WAS STUPID
FOR EVER THINKING OTHERWISE.
Nanbu: JOE, WAIT UP!
WE'RE NOT DONE TALKING!
Joe: I'M DONE WITH YOU.
Sachio: TELL ME
IT'S A LIE, POPS!
THE THREE OF US
ARE A TEAM, RIGHT?!
WE'VE ALREADY MADE IT SO FAR!
WE WERE SUPPOSED TO GO
ALL THE WAY IN MEGALONIA.
SAY SOMETHING, DAMN IT!
Nanbu: SHUT UP!
THERE'S A TIME
FOR CHASING DREAMS,
AND THIS AIN'T IT,
YOU STUPID BRAT!
( Sachio gasps )
Fujimaki: THAT'S THE THING
ABOUT SWEET DREAMS.
IT ALWAYS HURTS
WHEN YOU WAKE UP.
THIS IS WHAT IT
ALL COMES DOWN TO.
IF YOU DON'T DELIVER
ON OUR DEAL, NANBU,
YOU WON'T BE
THE ONLY ONE TO DIE.
THE BOTH OF THEM WILL, TOO.
♪
( Joe screams )
Iglesias: YURI ES EL GRAN
CAMPE ÓN SIN NINGUNA DUDA.
POR ESO ME PONGO TRISTE CUANDO
ÉL SECAE EN EL CENTRO DE RING.
PERO NO HAY OTRO REMEDIO.
SOLAMENTE LOS M ÁS SOBREVIVEN.
AS Í ES MEGALOBOX.
Moderator: AND NOW A WORD
FROM MR. BURROUGHS.
( Burroughs scoffs )
LOOKS LIKE
THE LITTLE PUNK IS A NO‐SHOW.
HOPEFULLY, HE'LL BE HERE
FOR THE MATCH.
( reporters laugh )
Moderator: NOW,
THE SECOND MATCH OF MEGALONIA
IS GOING TO BE BURROUGHS
VERSUS "GEARLESS" JOE,
WHO, AS YOU CAN SEE,
HASN'T ATTENDED
TODAY'S PRESS CONFERENCE.
Asamoto:
THERE'S BEEN NO WORD YET
FROM TEAM NOWHERE,
MS. SHIRATO.
Moderator: WE CERTAINLY HOPE
THERE'S NO TROUBLE.
Reporter: AND NOW
A QUESTION FOR THE CHAMPION.
YOU'VE BEEN
THE NUMBER ONE FAVORITE
TO WIN THE TOURNAMENT...
Abuhachi: IT'S LIKE
SOMETHING OUT OF A DREAM, HUH?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
IT'S ONLY BEEN THREE MONTHS
SINCE YOU BROUGHT IN
THAT CLUNKY, BROKE‐DOWN GEAR.
LOOK WHERE YOU ARE NOW.
Yuri: ...INTENDING TO WIN.
END OF STORY.
‐ ( Joe sighs )
‐ Iglesias: ACUERDO.
ESA ES LA ACTITUD DE TODOS
LOS QUE SON CAMPEONES.
Abuhachi: HMM.
I DIDN'T THINK I'D EVER SEE
YOU HERE AGAIN, TO BE HONEST.
DID YOU GET LOST OR SOMETHING?
Joe: YEAH.
Reporter: BE SURE TO TUNE IN
WHEN WE GO LIVE AT MEGALONIA.
( footsteps )
( Sachio sighs )
Nanbu: YOU WORRIED
THE HELL OUT OF ME.
HERE. COME ON.
WE'RE GOING FOR A RIDE.
( Sachio sighs ) HMPH.
Nanbu: STOP BEING
SUCH A STUBBORN LITTLE ASS.
YOU WANT FUJIMAKI
TO MAKE YOU INTO SOUP?
Sachio: IT DOESN'T
MATTER ANYMORE, POPS!
JOE SAID WE'RE FINISHED!
SO MUCH FOR GOING ALL THE WAY.
CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU USED HIM LIKE THAT.
Nanbu: YOU USED HIM, TOO, KID.
‐ Sachio: GIVE THAT BACK!
‐ Nanbu: AH!
YOU THOUGHT JOE MAKING IT IN
TO MEGALONIA AND THEN WINNING IT
WOULD BE REVENGE
FOR YOUR OLD MAN, DIDN'T YOU?
( Sachio grunts )
HOW‐‐HOW DID YOU‐‐
Nanbu: THAT GUY MIZUHARA,
YOU REMEMBER HIM?
SOMETHING ABOUT HOW HE LOOKED
AT YOU GRABBED MY ATTENTION.
SO TELL ME, YOU KNOW THAT KID?
Koichi: THERE WAS THIS GUY
I WORKED WITH BACK AT SHIRATO
WHO USED TO SHOW ME
PICTURES OF HIS KID,
BRAGGING ABOUT HIS SON
CONSTANTLY.
Nanbu: OH, YEAH?
WHAT WAS THIS FELLA LIKE?
Koichi: HE WAS
A FREELANCE ENGINEER,
SAME AS ME.
WE WEREN'T VERY CLOSE.
I GUESS HE WAS TOO TALENTED,
POOR S. O. B.
YEARS OF RESEARCH DATA
HE'D PILED UP,
SHIRATO SWOOPED IN
AND STOLE IT FROM HIM.
Nanbu: SO WHAT HAPPENED
TO THAT GUY?
( Koichi exhales )
HMM.
THE POOR BASTARD IS DEAD NOW...
LEAVING HIS WIFE
AND KID BEHIND.
Sachio: YEAH, IT'S TRUE.
MY DAD WAS‐‐
HE WAS KILLED BY SHIRATO.
Nanbu: AND WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR MOTHER?
Sachio: SHE GOT SICK,
DIED A YEAR LATER.
I CAN'T DO ANYTHING,
BUT I BET JOE COULD.
I BET HE COULD BEAT ALL THOSE
STUPID JERKS OVER AT SHIRATO,
BUT NOW,
BECAUSE OF WHAT YOU DID...
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?!
HEY, DON'T RUN AWAY FROM ME!
( overlapping chatter )
WAIT. IS THIS...
Nanbu: GO AND GET YOUR REVENGE.
Sachio: HUH?
Nanbu: SEE, YOU AND ME,
WE JUST HAPPENED TO GET
ON THE SAME BOAT
CHASING DOWN
OUR OWN GOALS AND DREAMS.
THAT'S WHY NEITHER JOE
NOR I EVER ASKED YOU
ABOUT WHY YOU JOINED UP
WITH US IN THE FIRST PLACE.
BUT NOW, THINGS HAVE CHANGED.
EVERYTHING'S DIFFERENT
FROM BACK WHEN WE STARTED.
YOU WANNA TAKE SHIRATO DOWN,
RIGHT?
THIS IS ALL I CAN DO
FOR YOU NOW, KID.
‐ THE REST IS UP TO YOU.
‐ Woman: ABSOLUTELY.
ANY TIME YOU LIKE.
( Sachio gasps )
Girl: I'M LEARNING SO MUCH
AT SCHOOL RIGHT NOW!
♪
Sachio: MY REVENGE...
WILL BE GETTING TO THE TOP
WITH JOE.
Nanbu: YOU AND I
BET EVERYTHING ON HIM.
THE THING IS, HE'S THE ONE
WHO DECIDES HOW THIS PLAYS OUT.
( bag thumping )
AND YOU KNOW AS WELL AS I DO
THAT THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT THAT KID'S UP TO
UNTIL HE DOES IT.
Sachio: "GEARLESS" JOE
WOULD NEVER THROW A MATCH.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
Nanbu: THEN YOU NEED TO HIDE
AND STAY LOW.
Sachio: HUH?
Nanbu: I DOUBT EVEN FUJIMAKI
HAS ENOUGH MUSCLE
TO MESS WITH SHIRATO.
( Sachio gasps )
Nanbu: THIS IS
FOR JOE'S SAKE, TOO.
Yukiko: FIRST YOU
INTERRUPT THE CEREMONY,
THEN YOU MISS
THE PRESS CONFERENCE,
AND NOW YOU WANT ME
TO TAKE IN THIS CHILD?
YOU'RE CERTAINLY BOLD,
IF NOTHING ELSE.
Nanbu: IT'S ALL AS I
EXPLAINED TO YOU, I SWEAR.
LOOK INTO HIS PAST, AND I'M SURE
YOU'LL CONFIRM EVERYTHING.
I FIGURE WITH ALL THAT HAPPENED,
YOU AT LEAST OWE HIM
A HELPING HAND...
EVEN IF IT'S ONLY
UNTIL JOE'S MATCH IS OVER.
Yukiko: LISTEN CLOSELY.
I AM NOT THE LEAST BIT HAPPY
THAT YOU ALL
MADE IT IN TO MEGALONIA.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOUR ENDGAME IS HERE,
BUT DID YOU EVER CONSIDER
I MIGHT HAVE CONDITIONS?
FOR INSTANCE, DEMANDING JOE'S
WITHDRAWAL FROM THE TOURNAMENT
IN EXCHANGE
FOR TAKING IN THIS CHILD?
( Nanbu chuckles )
YOU WOULDN'T DO THAT.
ALTHOUGH...
THAT'S NOT A BAD IDEA.
( Yukiko gasps )
Nanbu: THIS IS THE LAST
YOU'LL HEAR FROM ME.
HERE, KID. TAKE THIS.
Sachio: UH...
Nanbu: LOOK AFTER JOE FOR ME,
SACHIO, OKAY?
( Sachio grunts )
( sighs )
BUT WHAT ABOUT YOU?
Nanbu: SEE YOU, KID.
( Joe panting )
‐ ( Joe yells )
‐ ( chain rattles )
♪
Announcer: THE DAY WE'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR IS FINALLY HERE,
THE BATTLE TO SEE WHO STANDS
AT THE SUMMIT OF MEGALO‐BOXING!
WE'RE NEARING THE OPENING ROUND
OF MEGALONIA!
TAKE A GOOD LOOK AT THIS CROWD.
THE ARENA'S AT CAPACITY!
HERE ON THE VERGE
OF THIS HISTORIC SPORTING EVENT,
THE ANTICIPATION AND EXCITEMENT
ARE HOTTER THAN EVER!
Officer: I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
WHAT YOU'VE PUT TOGETHER.
‐ Yukiko: THANK YOU.
‐ Asamoto: MADAM PRESIDENT.
Yukiko: PARDON ME.
Officer: OF COURSE.
Asamoto:
AFTER AN INTERNAL AUDIT,
WE'VE DISCOVERED
THAT THE DESIGN DATA
FOR KEY COMPONENTS
IN THE INTEGRATED GEAR
WERE PROCURED
IN AN UNORTHODOX MANNER.
IT SEEMS CERTAIN
THAT THE ORIGINAL DEVELOPER
OF THE IMMUNOSUPPRESSANT
MECHANISM WAS THE BOY'S FATHER.
( Sachio sighs )
♪
Ring announcer:
OVER IN THE EAST CORNER,
THE SECOND‐RANKED I. M. A. BOXER,
WITH THE TRES FAMILIAS,
PEPE "THE SPIDER" IGLESIAS!
( crowd cheering )
Announcer: AND THERE HE IS!
THE BIG QUESTION FOR THIS MATCH
IS CAN THE VICIOUS
SPIDER FROM MEXICO
LAY THE CHAMP OUT
HERE IN THE RING OF MEGALONIA,
JUST AS HE CLAIMED HE WOULD
IN THE PRESS CONFERENCE?
( Iglesias grunting )
Ring announcer:
AND NOW JOINING US
IN THE WEST CORNER IS...
♪
THE NUMBER‐ONE‐RANKED
I. M. A. BOXER,
WITH TEAM SHIRATO,
THE KING OF THE RING, YURI!
( crowd cheering )
Announcer:
THE IMPLACABLE CHAMPION, YURI!
SPORTING THE INTEGRATED GEAR
THAT HAS BECOME
SHIRATO'S CALLING CARD,
IT'S BECOME AS INTERTWINED
WITH THIS BRILLIANT BOXER'S NAME
AS MUCH AS HIS BODY,
ALLOWING HIM TO FEND OFF
EVERY CLAIM ON HIS TITLE SO FAR!
Yukiko: OUR GEAR WAS DEVELOPED
THANKS TO THE SACRIFICES
OF ALL INVOLVED.
AS SUCH, WE CONSIDER VICTORY
TO BE AN OBLIGATION.
Officer: MM.
Yukiko: DIRECTOR ASAMOTO.
Asamoto: MA'AM?
Yukiko: ASSEMBLE A LIST
OF THOSE INVOLVED
IN THE IRREGULARITY
YOU MENTIONED.
WE'LL MAKE SURE THAT THEY'RE
PROPERLY DEALT WITH.
Asamoto: UNDERSTOOD, MA'AM.
( crowd cheering )
( overlapping chatter )
( horn blows )
Man: GO, YURI!
‐ Man #2: iPEPE! iM ÁTALO!
‐ Announcer: THE MATCH BEGINS,
AND PEPE GOES STRAIGHT
INTO AN AGGRESSIVE ATTACK!
Commentator:
HE'S GOT THAT LONG REACH
AND A DISTINCT POSTURE THAT
MAKES IT HARD TO GET INSIDE.
COMBINE THAT WITH THE VARIETY
OF ATTACKS HE CAN PULL OFF,
AND OVER TIME, HIS OPPONENTS
FIND THEY'RE UNABLE
TO FIGHT BACK EFFECTIVELY,
LIKE THEY'RE CAUGHT IN HIS WEB.
THAT'S HOW HE GOT
THE NICKNAME "SPIDER."
( Iglesias grunting )
Announcer: NEITHER FIGHTER
IS GIVING AN INCH SO FAR.
WILL THE TRADITIONAL YURI
BE ABLE TO OVERCOME
PEPE'S UNCONVENTIONAL
FIGHTING STYLE?
( horn blows )
AND THAT'S THE END
OF THE FIRST ROUND!
THINGS ARE ALREADY
INCREDIBLY TENSE!
Commentator:
MOST LIKELY, ONE OF THESE MEN
WILL BE GOING ON THE OFFENSIVE
IN THE NEXT ROUND.
( horn blows )
♪
( Yuri gasps )
Announcer: AH! PEPE SEEMS
TO HAVE FINALLY CAUGHT YURI,
THE FIRST HIT
OF THE MATCH TO LAND!
Iglesias:
TE VOY A MATAR, CAMPE ÓN.
( Yuri chuckles )
( Joe growls )
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
Computer: 1, 2...
Announcer: WH‐WHAT IN THE WORLD
HAPPENED UP THERE?!
IT WAS ALL SO FAST. THE WAY
THAT PEPE DROPPED TO THE MAT,
YOU'D THINK HE'D BEEN SHOT
OR SOMETHING!
Commentator: IT WAS A LEFT HOOK,
AND, UNFORTUNATELY FOR PEPE,
I DON'T THINK
HE EVER SAW IT COMING.
‐ Computer: 10.
‐ ( horn blows )
Referee: WITH A K. O. AT 2:10
INTO THE SECOND ROUND,
THE WINNER,
WITH TEAM SHIRATO, IS YURI!
( dog whimpering )
Joe: HUH?
HEY THERE, BOY.
WHERE'D YOU COME FROM?
( man whistles )
( Yuri grunts )
Joe: SO, HE'S YOURS?
Yuri: YEAH. IT'S ODD, THOUGH.
HE USUALLY
DOESN'T LIKE STRANGERS.
Joe: GOTTA SAY,
THAT WAS A HELL OF A HOOK.
I ACTUALLY FELT
KIND OF BAD FOR PEPE.
THAT GUY NEVER HAD A CHANCE.
Yuri: WHEN YOU
STEP INTO THE RING,
YOU EITHER WIN OR LOSE.
THERE'S NOTHING ELSE.
EVERYONE'S EQUAL.
( Joe chuckles )
Yuri: WHY AREN'T YOU USING GEAR?
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU
INSIST ON FIGHTING WITHOUT IT.
Joe: AT FIRST,
IT WAS JUST A GAMBLE
TO GET MY NAME OUT THERE,
BUT NOW IT'S SOMETHING ELSE.
( chuckles )
EVERY TIME I GET IN THE RING,
I'M BETTING MY LIFE
ON WHAT MY FISTS CAN DO.
IT'S SCARY AS HELL, NO DOUBT,
BUT IT'S SO FUN,
I CAN BARELY STAND IT.
I WANNA FIGHT YOU
IN A REAL MATCH,
PURE AND SIMPLE.
I THINK, AGAINST YOU,
I'D GO FURTHER
THAN I'VE EVER GONE BEFORE.
Yuri: EH...
Joe: AND WHAT ABOUT YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU FIGHTING FOR?
Yuri: A DREAM.
Joe: HUH?
Yuri: THERE WAS SOMEONE
WHO BELIEVED IN ME.
SHE HAD FAITH IN ME
WHEN I WAS NOTHING
AND BROUGHT ME THIS FAR.
HER DREAM IS WHY.
( Joe sighs )
( Nanbu groaning )
SWEET DREAMS, HUH?
( chuckles )
Fujimaki: HAVE YOU DISCUSSED
THINGS WITH YOUR PARTNER?
( Nanbu laughs )
YOU BET I HAVE.
AND THE THOUGHT OF FINALLY BEING
OUT FROM UNDERNEATH THIS DEBT
REQUIRES A CELEBRATORY DRINK.
YOU UNDERSTAND.
Fujimaki: YOU TRULY
ARE A SCORPION.
HERE. LET'S DRINK TO THAT.
Nanbu: HUH?
Fujimaki:
NEVER HEARD THAT STORY?
THERE'S THIS SCORPION, SEE,
AND THERE'S THIS RIVER
HE WANTS TO CROSS.
PROBLEM IS,
SCORPIONS CAN'T SWIM,
SO THE SCORPION ASKS A FROG
THAT HAPPENS TO BE BY THE RIVER
IF HE'D GIVE HIM A RIDE
ON HIS BACK
SO HE CAN GET ACROSS SAFELY.
THE FROG SAYS TO THE SCORPION,
"I DON'T KNOW.
YOU'LL STING ME, WON'T YOU?"
THE SCORPION RESPONDS,
"I WOULD NEVER DO THAT.
IT WOULDN'T MAKE ANY SENSE.
IF YOU WERE TO DIE
HALFWAY ACROSS, I'D DROWN."
THE FROG PONDERS THIS
FOR A MOMENT AND IS CONVINCED,
SO HE KINDLY LETS THE SCORPION
ONTO HIS BACK
AND STARTS TO CROSS THE RIVER.
BUT WHILE THEY'RE IN THE WATER,
THE SCORPION STINGS THE FROG.
AS HE'S LOSING CONSCIOUSNESS,
THE FROG SAYS,
"YOU TOLD ME YOU WOULDN'T
STING ME. NOW WE'LL BOTH DIE."
AND AS THEY SANK
BENEATH THE WATER,
THE SCORPION TELLS HIM...
Nanbu: "I JUST COULDN'T HELP IT.
IT'S SIMPLY THE NATURE
OF A SCORPION TO STING."
♪
Abuhachi: OH, HEY. YOUR PARTNER
CAME BY FOR A VISIT LAST NIGHT.
HE SAID TO GIVE YOU THIS
IF YOU HAPPENED TO SHOW UP.
SO THEN, LET ME ASK YOU THIS.
WHO SHOULD I BET ON TONIGHT?
♪
Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )